what's unique and exciting about the
mville meeting is on the one hand the
breadth of topics that are covered it as
few meetings that really have the same
scope as the emblem eating but also the
very high quality of the science and the
speak is that is present that are
presenting that and so it's a great
opportunity to meet with people outside
your own field whether that's old
friends or potential future
collaborators or mentors and I really
would encourage everybody to go out
there to attend the meeting and really
make these connections
for me what's really exciting about this
particular meeting not just the fact
that it's in Vienna but but it's also a
meeting which neuroscience which is not
traditionally been one of the stronger
areas within embo is really very well
represented and as a fantastic lineup of
neuroscience speakers Richard axel is
giving a keynote talk and then there's a
plenary session on brain and behavior
where we have Cori Bargmann David
Anderson at valdosta and florian tangut
and there's really exciting development
in neuroscience now where the tools of
molecular biology molecular genetics in
particular to being used to study brain
functions at the circuit level and all
five of these speakers are really tiny
is in that field so this for me is going
to be one of the great highlights of
this meeting
well my advice to the young researchers
attending the meeting of course not just
to take in as much of the sciences as
you possibly can but also to take
advantage of the possibilities there to
meet with scientists outside your own
field and this is one thing that emboar
does extremely well at these meetings is
organizing networking activities and so
go to those lunches go to the meet to
speak your events and really make the
connections there to meet with the
preeminent scientists in the various
fields at the meeting
well while they're in Vienna I think be
great no all participants should take
the opportunity to visit this wonderful
city i mean it's it's my favorite city
in Europe obviously has a lot to offer I
no time for many people would be short
but is for the art lovers you know go
and go to the Leopold museum the
albertina belvedere for the music lovers
there's a music frying the start to open
many great concerts and for anybody just
take an hour or two to spend some time
in one of the many lovely Viennese cafes
it's a great place just to spend a few
hours wandering around the city enjoying